Update issue templates (#26)
datasciencecampus/pprl_toolkit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-idea.md

---
name: Feature idea
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: "[FEATURE] : "
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Please be aware that, as the `pprl_toolkit` is an experimental package, ONS cannot promise to implement feature ideas.

> **Is your feature idea related to a problem? Please describe.**
> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does your feature idea solve a problem?
If this applies to your idea, please provide a clear and concise description of what the problem is.
```

> **Describe the solution you'd like**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Describe the solution you'd like
```

A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

> **Describe alternatives you've considered**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Describe alternatives you've considered
```

A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

> **Additional context**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional context
```
